

老师评语： Question 4 and 6 are incomplete check chapter 2 page 41-44 , chapter 5, page 128



# 1. 【问答题】 CWIDID:



# 2. 【问答题】 Short answers :Read the questions carefully and answer the entire questionWhat is testing? What are the major activities in the test process?

 

Testing helps us to find defects and prevent them.

Major activities: Planning and control--Analysis--Execution--Evaluating exit criteria--Report--Test closure 

# 3. 【问答题】 Short answers: Read the questions carefully and answer the entire questionHow many test levels are used in V-model list them with brief explanation and draw the diagram?

Four.

User requirement                              Acceptation test execution

​    System requirement                          

​         Global design              Integration test execution           

​              Detail design       Component test execution

​                        Implementation

​                      

# 4. 【问答题】 Short answers: Read the questions carefully and answer the entire questionWhat is the difference between functional and non-functional testing? Provide the examples.

Functional testing can determine the function of software product, such as viruses.

 

# 5. 【问答题】 Short answers: Read the questions carefully and answer the entire questionWhat is white-box and what is black-box testing? When and who does white-box testing?

White-box testing is a kind of testing with reference of the system.

Black-box testing is a kind of testing without reference of the system.

Developers use white-box testing when they are debugging.

 

# 6. 【问答题】 Short answers: Read the questions carefully and answer the entire questionWhat is required to create a Test Plan? “IEEE 829 Standard Test Plan Template”

 

test specifition identifier, test identification, feature to be tested, feature fail criteria...

 

# 7. 【判断题】 True or FalseDefect (bug, fault): A flaw in a component or system that can cause the component or system to fail to perform its required function, e.g., an incorrect statement or data definition. A defect, if encountered during execution, may cause a failure of the component or system.

正确

错误

答案：正确

# 8. 【判断题】 True or FalseFailure: Not a deviation of the component or system from its expected delivery, service or result.

正确

错误

答案：错误

# 9. 【判断题】 True or FalseQuality: The degree to which a component, system or process meets specified requirements and/or user/customer needs and expectations.

正确

错误

答案：正确

# 10. 【判断题】 True or FalseRisk analysis does not help the process of assessing identified risks to estimate their impact and probability of occurrence (likelihood).

正确

错误

答案：错误

# 11. 【判断题】 True or FalseTest design specification is a document specifying the test conditions (coverage items) for a test item, the detailed test approach and identifying the associated high level test cases.

正确

错误

答案：正确

# 12. 【判断题】 True or FalseTest case is a set of input values, execution preconditions, expected results and execution post conditions, developed for a particular objective or test condition, such as to exercise a particular program path or to verify compliance with a specific requirement.

正确

错误

答案：正确

# 13. 【判断题】 True or FalseVerification is conformation by examination and through provision of objective evidence that specified requirement have been fulfilled.

正确

错误

答案：正确

# 14. 【判断题】 True or FalseValidation is confirmation by examination and through provision of objective evidence that the requirements for a specific intended use or application have been fulfilled.

正确

错误

答案：正确

# 15. 【判断题】 True or FalseIntegration is the process of breaking the components or systems into small assemblies.

正确

错误

答案：错误

# 16. 【判断题】 True or FalsePerformance: The degree to which a system or component accomplishes its designated functions within given constraints regarding processing time and throughput rate.

正确

错误

答案：正确

# 17. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceAccording to the ISTQB Glossary, the word ‘bug’ is synonymous with which of the following words

```
a. Incident
b. Defect
c. Mistake
d. Error
```

答案：B

# 18. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceEnsuring that test design starts during the requirements definition phase is important to enable which of the following test objectives?

```
a. Preventing defects in the system
b. Finding defects through dynamic testing
c. Gaining confidence in the system
d. finishing the project on time
```

答案：A

# 19. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhich of the following is most important to promote and maintain good relationships between testers and developers?

```
a. Understanding what managers value about testing
b. Explaining test results in a neutral fashion
c. Identify potential customer work-arounds for bugs
d. Promoting better quality software whenever possible
```

答案：B

# 20. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhat are good practices for testing within the development life cycle?

```
a. Early test analysis and design
b. Different test levels are defined with specified objectives
c. Testers will start to get involved as soon as coding is done
d. A and B above
```

答案：D

# 21. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhich of the following is a non-functional quality characteristic?

```
a. Feasibility
b. Usability
c. Maintenance
d. Regression
```

答案：B

# 22. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceA regression test:

```
a. Is only run once
b. Will always be automated
c. Will check unchanged areas of the software to see if they have been affected
d. Will check changed areas of the software to see if they have been affected
```

答案：C

# 23. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhich of the following artefacts can be examined by using review techniques?

```
a. Software code
b. Requirement specifications
c. Test design
d. All of the above
```

答案：D

# 24. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhich is not a type of review?

```
a. Walkthrough
b. Inspection
c. Informal review
d. Management approval
```

答案：D

# 25. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhat is the main difference between a walkthrough and an inspection?

```
a. An inspection is led by the authors, while walkthrough is led by a trained moderator
b. An inspection has a trained leader, while a walkthrough has no leader
c. Authors are not present during inspections, while they are during walkthroughs
d. A walkthrough is led by the author, while an inspection is led by a trained moderator
```

答案：D

# 26. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceIn which document described in IEEE 829 would you find instructions for the steps to be taken for a test including set-up, logging environment and measurement?

```
a. Test plan
b. Test design specification
c. Test case specification
d. Test procedure specification
```

答案：D

# 27. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhy are both specification-based and structure-based testing techniques useful?

```
a. They find different types of defects
b. Using more techniques is always better
c. Both find the same types of defects
d. Because specifications tend to be unstructured
```

答案：A

# 28. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhich of the following could be used to assess the coverage achieved for specification-based (black-box) test techniques?V Decision outcomes exercised W Partitions exercised X Boundaries exercised Y State transitions exercised Z Statements exercised

```
a. V, W, Y or Z
b. W, X or Y
c. V, X or Z
d. W, X, Y or Z
```

答案：B

# 29. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhich of the following is among the typical tasks of a test leader?

```
a. Develop system requirements, design specifications and usage models
b. Handle all test automation duties
c. Keep tests and test coverage hidden from programmers
d. Gather and report test progress metrics
```

答案：D

# 30. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceThe ISTQB Foundation Syllabus establishes a fundamental test process where test planning occurs early in the project, while test execution occurs later. Which of the following elements of the test plan, while specified during test planning, are assessed during test execution?

```
a. Test tasks
b. Environmental needs
c. Exit criteria
d. Test team training
```

答案：C

# 31. 【单选题】 Multiple ChoiceWhich of the following metrics would be most useful to monitor during test execution?

```
a. Percentage of test cases written.
b. Number of test environments remaining to be configured.
c. Number or defects found and fixed.
d. Percentage of requirements for which a test has been written
```

答案：C